0. What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
an invented long word said to mean a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust.

1. According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
Returns resource usage measures

2. Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
16

3. Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
Using references rather than values is more efficient and as calculate is measuring effficency, to pass in the values could skew the results.

4. Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
main gets each character from the file until the End of File (EOF) character which signifies the end of the file.  
If the character is a letter or an apostrophe (and the word is not too long to be considered a word) that letter is added to the a word array.
If the character is other than those, the word array is prepended with a end of string character '\0' and sent to check function to see if the word is mispelled. it is printed and counted if so.
Words with digits are ignored and the file is closed upon being finished with.

5. Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
fgetc allows us to keep track of how many characters we're reading in from the file, allowing us to terminate strings longer than can reasonably be expected. This prevents overflow.

6. Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
For stablility of code. Those values shouldn't change inside the function and errors should be thrown if they are changed accidentally.